A rose is either a woody perennial flowering plant of the genus Rosa, in the family Rosaceae, or the flower it bears.
There are over three hundred species and tens of thousands of cultivars. 

The Golden Retriever is a Scottish breed of retriever dog of medium size.
It is characterised by a gentle and affectionate nature and a striking golden coat. 
It is commonly kept as a pet and is among the most frequently registered breeds in several Western countries. 
It is a frequent competitor in dog shows and obedience trials; it is also used as a gundog, and may be trained for use as a guide dog.

This measures your blood sugar after an overnight fast (not eating). 
A fasting blood sugar level of 99 mg/dL or lower is normal, 100 to 125 mg/dL indicates you have prediabetes, and 126 mg/dL or higher indicates you have diabetes.

If your test results show you have prediabetes, ask your doctor or nurse if there is a lifestyle change program offered through the CDC-led National Diabetes Prevention Program in your community. 
You can also search for an online or in-person program. 
Having prediabetes puts you at greater risk for developing type 2 diabetes, but participating in the program can lower your risk by as much as 58% (71% if you’re over age 60).

Muhammad Masroor Ali is a Professor in the Department of CSE, BUET where he has been working for more than twenty five years. 
Dr. Ali received his B.Sc. Engineer- ing degree from BUET in 1988 and M. Engg. and Ph.D degrees respectively in 1994 and 1997 from Kyushu University, Fukuoka, Japan. 
With current research interest focused in the field of semantic web, Professor Ali has published around forty papers in refereed journals and conferences. 
He has successfully supervised more than one hundred under- graduate and around ten graduate theses. 

Dr. Md. Saidur Rahman is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, BUET.
He received B. Sc. Engg. degree in EEE in 1989 and M. Sc. Engg. degree in CSE in 1992 from BUET. 
He received M. Sc. and Ph.D. degrees in Information Sciences from Tohoku University, Japan in 1996 and 1999, respectively. 
He joined the CSE Department, BUET, as a Lecturer in 1991.

Infolytx is an enterprise AI solutions company serving SMBs in Healthcare, Retail, and other technology forward organizations. 
Our expertise is in Machine and Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, and Conversational AI. 
Our well-trained and balanced team is composed of Data Scientists, AI and Machine Learning Engineers, Fullstack, Front-end, and Back-end developers supported by a strong complement of QA and DevOps Engineers. 
We build complete end-to-end solutions for our clients irrespective of the platform. 
We are fully agile and follow world-class development best practices.
Falguni works at Infolytx.

